I think being born in a tumultuous time caused most of my life's misfortunes.
Countries around the world were embroiled in different wars, and the country where I was born-- China-- had fallen behind after cutting itself off from the world for so long. Different countries occupied many parts of its territory, and protests and movements were taking place all over.
My name is Jin Hong-yan, and I'm just an everyday medical student living in Nanjing.
My father died of an illness before I even turned 20, but I didn't get into medicine because of him. The truth is that I didn't really know what I should study or what I wanted to do with my life, but I thought studying medicine seemed like a reasonable decision. I could become a doctor and make enough money to take care of myself.
To tell the truth, I wanted to get married more than I wanted to graduate and become a doctor.
My fiancé's name was Li Xiao-lan. He was a few years ahead of me in school and studied humanities.
He was playing the piano the first time I saw him. Standing behind him, listening to the soft piano music, I fell in love at first sight. After he finished playing, he turned around and asked me my name. That was how we met. He later confessed his feelings for me, and we quickly got engaged. 
Xiao-lan's mother didn't like me very much, but he tried his best to maintain a relationship between us. I was careful to be a flawless student and a good person, and I hoped we could get married after graduation.
But Xiao-lan was intensely patriotic. He was a member of a few school organizations and had connections abroad too. He followed developments regarding China's future daily. Maybe this is why everything went wrong.
---

Xiao-lan came to my house in the early evening and said he had something important to discuss with me.
He was holding a stack of letters from his friend in Japan.
There was a guest speaker coming to school tomorrow. The letters said that he was planning a revolution and had been seeking financial backers in Japan. He had promised to give Manchuria to Japan if his revolution succeeded.
Xiao-lan wanted me to question the speaker about this during his speech tomorrow. There were two reasons he didn't want to do it himself. First, he said that I was a better speaker. Second, he said the speaker was not as guarded with pretty girls.
I was worried that the school would punish me if I criticized the guest speaker to his face. Xiao-lan's mother already didn't like me, and I was worried we might not be able to get married if I got in trouble at school.
Xiao-lan told me he would marry me no matter what, and I just needed to do my best tomorrow.
I thought about it for a bit and finally agreed.
---

I don't remember much about what happened that day.
Xiao-lan sat on my left in the auditorium. After the guest finished his speech, I raised my hand and harshly criticized his betrayal of our country. A gunshot rang out behind me and Xiao-lan jumped in front of it. The bullet pierced his left eye and the auditorium erupted into pandemonium. 
The shooter was the speaker's bodyguard, and he had been aiming for me.
My brain ceased to function as the blood spattered my body. Xiao-lan had saved me, and now he was dead. This was what I got for speaking out.
---

That day's events were kept a secret. The bodyguard was disciplined and Xiao-lan's family didn't pursue the incident any further. His mother believed that I was the one who had gotten her son killed. 
I became lost in grief and self-blame. My grades started slipping, some of my teachers began criticizing me, and most of my classmates stopped talking to me. Then I lost my scholarship. My mother couldn't afford my tuition while also taking care of my little brother.
In the past, Xiao-lan had often taken me to a tailor's to buy clothes. The tailor was looking for an apprentice, and I wanted to drop out to try my hand at apprenticeship.
After hearing that I was planning on dropping out, one of my classmates told me not to do it and that he would pay for my tuition. I naively agreed.
Once he had helped me pay my tuition, he began relentlessly pursuing me.
I was still in love with Xiao-lan, so I turned him down countless times. But in the end, I said yes. This was the start of yet another misfortune.
My classmate's family was from the south. One day, a girl I didn't know showed up, saying that she had been his fiancée and asking why he ended their engagement.
I saw my chance to break up with him, so I began talking with the girl and explaining what had happened between us. I told her that as long as she told him what she was feeling, he would understand.
Yet the next day, we found her body in the school's lake.
She had committed suicide.
---

I don't know if she ever spoke to him, but she killed herself after speaking with me.
Now two people had died on this campus because of me.
I tried to break up with my classmate, but it was no use. It was like there was some sort of power supporting him, and nothing I said could win him over.
Soon after, revolution broke out and the school shut down. My classmate said he wanted to bring me to his house.
I didn't want to go, but it was no use. My mother sent me with him, and considering he was taking care of her and my brother, I had no choice but to agree.
On our way through Shanghai, we stayed in a double room on the second floor of a hotel. 
We weren't even married yet, but he wanted to sleep with me.
I wanted to refuse, but it was no use. I wasn’t strong enough to refuse to sleep with him.
Something no one could have predicted happened.
I had a terrible dream. The room was engulfed in flames. I was laying on the bed and Xiao-lan was there, staring at me resignedly.
I awoke from the dream to a terrible pain in my head. I sat up in bed and stared into the darkness. There was nothing there, but I could sense Xiao-lan's soul in the room. He had watched me have sex with another man.
It turns out that people's souls remain on earth after they die. Xiao-lan still cared about me and I was still in love with him, but I had betrayed him. I couldn't forgive myself. I felt an excruciating pain in my heart and brain.
With my classmate still asleep on the bed, I got up, opened the window, and jumped out barefoot.
I walked and walked for a very long time until I came upon a river. Maybe my soul could be with Xiao-lan's after I died, I thought, and I jumped into the river.
It turns out, I was wrong to try to kill myself. Drowning was painful beyond imagining. I lost consciousness.
---

In the end, my death wish went unfulfilled. Someone pulled me out of the water.
But it wasn't because he was a good person. He sold me to a brothel.
There I endured beatings, abuse, and all kinds of cruelty. I developed hypersomnia.
In my dreams, I saw Xiao-lan. He told me I couldn't die, because if I died in the brothel my soul would be trapped there. He would find someone to get me out.
The girl I shared a room with told me that I couldn't die. The more I was abused the more I needed to stay alive, she said. She taught me how to sing, dance, and play instruments. She taught me how to stay alive in the brothel while I was awake.
Employees from the South Manchuria Railway's Shanghai branch office often visited the brothel. As the only one who could speak Japanese, I translated between them and the girls. When talk at the table turned to me, everyone knew I wanted to get out.
But how to get out?
It was the summer of 1919. I was performing a fan dance onstage when I accidentally sent one of the fans flying. It hit a Japanese man. I immediately apologized, but his friends said that wasn't good enough. They wanted me to play him in a game of chess. I was unhappy, but he said that he would grant me one wish if I won.
I ended up winning, and I told him I wanted to leave the brothel.
His name was Kaede. He was the section chief for the South Manchuria Railway's East Asiatic Economic Investigation Bureau and spent most of his time in Japan. He was here to visit a friend in Shanghai. And he kept his word. He bought my freedom.
After 7 long years, I took my first steps outside the brothel.
Soon after, I boarded a ship bound for Japan with Kaede. At sea, I was so excited I couldn't sleep. Through the window, I saw two shooting stars streak by. I made two wishes: that I could make enough money to take care of myself, and that China and Japan could find a way to peacefully coexist.
---

We arrived at the outskirts of Tokyo, and Kaede sought out a wealthy farmer friend to take me in. From then on, I was called Yurika.
My adoptive family was kind to me, especially my older sister. I didn't speak Japanese fluently, so my father sent me to school. My hypersomnia began to get better, and I got a job at a café in town after graduation.
I lived happily like this for 4 years.
Sadly, when the Great Kanto earthquake hit, it killed my adoptive father and forced the café to close. Prospects were bleak across the nation. I had no choice but to get married.
---

The life of a housewife was simple, and I liked to read the newspaper to pass the time.
A few years later, there was a coup in Japan and Kaede was involved. There were impassioned petitions to treat the coup participants with leniency. Kaede hadn't killed anyone, he'll be okay, I thought. He was sentenced to a short prison term, and I breathed a sigh of relief.
I couldn't help but think of that day in the auditorium when I spoke up. It's better not to get involved in politics, I thought. 
Yet I loved reading the newspaper. I couldn't remove myself completely from what was happening in society.
But Kaede is okay and that's all that matters, I thought. I didn't think more of it.
A few years later, Japan invaded China. None of my wishes had come true.
I thought for a long while. People throughout society supported the war, and I wasn't capable of starting an anti-war petition. Not only would no one support me, I thought, it might bring about even more trouble, like that day in the auditorium.
I'll just do nothing, avoid making mistakes, and quietly continue to live my life as a housewife, I thought.
---

The war went on for a long time and life grew increasingly difficult.
The war finally ended, but it cost countless lives and created so much animosity. Once it was over, the retributions began.
I never thought that Kaede would be charged as a Class A war criminal.
He had written many books. I had only read bits and pieces of them, so I don't know what he wrote about. But he had been in prison when the war broke out, I thought. I didn't know why he was being charged.
At the time, I thought Kaede would surely be hanged. Could I petition the government like before? Japan had lost the war. The defeated country doesn't have a say in these matters. Although I was Chinese, my Chinese identity had died long ago, nor did I have any political influence. 
Kaede had once saved me when I was in trouble, but when it was his turn to need saving, I was just a useless housewife.
I wanted to go to the International Military Tribunal for the Far East, but my family said no. I developed insomnia. I couldn't accept that Kaede was going to be hanged.
The night before the hearing, I recklessly left my house, running aimlessly. I'd never make it to the Tribunal. I don't know how long I walked before I simply couldn't keep going. I crawled up a lighthouse-like structure and shouted Kaede's name into the night before my hypersomnia overtook me.
---

My spirit left my body and became a flying bird.
I flew towards the light in the distance and quickly arrived where Kaede was.
My seething resentment transformed into a sleep demon that cast a pall of sleep paralysis over Kaede.
Water as far as the eye could see: that was my soul's spiritual barrier.
Just like that, I locked Kaede's soul in the sleep demon's waters.
I hoped that Kaede would develop hypersomnia, so that no one could wake him when the hearing started at dawn.
...
But the hypersomnia failed and Kaede's body awoke.
His soul was still locked behind the sleep demon's water barrier.
In a panic, I took control of his body and walked towards the courtroom...
---

When I awoke, it was already dark out. An entire day had passed. I thought I had dreamt of Kaede during my long hours asleep.
My older sister and her husband were beside me. They had been looking for me for a while.
I felt guilty as I looked at them, but I was truly frustrated and couldn't bring myself to apologize.
When I thought back on it, I had never thanked Kaede. Words simply aren't enough for such large debts of gratitude.
I breathed a sigh of relief when I heard that Kaede had been temporarily released for medical treatment after he became mentally unstable in the courtroom, and some of the other Class A criminals hadn't received death sentences.
I was still so naive.
Although Kaede hadn't been sentenced, the soul remains after a person dies. Would the prosecutor let Kaede off so easily?
---

Afterword:
This story was adapted from a delusion I experienced during a manic phase. I've experienced sleep paralysis frequently since I was little. Beginning in March 2013, I repeatedly dreamed about sunsets and felt a pain in my brain. I told the people around me that someone was going to die. In late April, a friend I met online died of Duchenne muscular dystrophy. I stopped dreaming about sunsets after that. This coincidence stimulated me and triggered my manic depression. I don't know if these delusions are my experiences from a past life, so I wrote them down for others to read.
Now I take haloperidol to keep me stable, and I'm feeling alright. I'm hoping it stays that way. I'm going to make more games to make a little money and steadily make my way through life.